c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\bin\Debug\InnerCore.exe
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\bin\Debug\InnerCore.pdb
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Assets\ModernUI.MyTheme.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Help.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Version.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Help.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Version.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore.g.resources
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore.exe
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore.pdb
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Fishing_Bot.baml
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\Pages\Fishing_Bot.g.cs
c:\users\matth\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\matth\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\matth\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\InnerCore\InnerCore\obj\Debug\InnerCore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
